you know if this place is a client
that's why we could get a table so
last-minute that's why they gave us this
bigger table
I imagine we'll send some complimentary
stuff to $55 for mistake known for their
meat here than $35 for a salmon well get
the salmon to blow you for that price
[Music]
imperiled Meyerowitz a son Matthew
yes mrs. Danny also felt my Aronnax a
son I didn't realize you have two sons
and a daughter
be okay here it'll be nice to spend time
with that no I didn't get a lot of time
with him growing up
[Music]
is posture Emily they take all of the
little birds and deep-fry them and just
pom-pom
it's very sad there are no little birds
that in Italy anymore
we are going to meet a lot of
interesting people that didn't make it a
month of college because I like drugs so
much
we're Harold meyerwitz you're on the
list for the public viewing right now
this is a private viewing oh that's a
mistake oh this is yeah see
here's everything you say
[Music]
I don't think I've ever seen gene run
yeah that's how she runs
[Music]
worried
[Applause]
[Music]